Issue 1645 investigate black (#1685)
ICTU/quality-time: docs/DEVELOP.md

Most of the coding standard are enforced by the [quality checks](#quality-checks).

> To automate autoformatting of python code using black, a git pre-commit hook is provided at `git-hooks/pre-commit`. To use it and automatically formal all changed python files on committing, copy this script into your local `.git/hooks` folder of this repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable autoformatting of Python code using black, a git pre-commit hook is provided at `git-hooks/pre-commit`. To use it and automatically format all changed Python files on committing, copy this script into your local `.git/hooks` folder of this repo.
```
